what are we eating today
all right we'll be back when the fire
gets going
gonna be cooking this awesome Cajun
style red beans and rice we got the fire
going as soon as we get some coals we're
gonna put the contents in the pot hook
it up and be ready to chow down we'll be
back
and what is that what are you doing how
much two cups of water into the package
boiling
there's a cook for this evening
how are we doing over here wanna see
what's at the menu of share YouTube
raucous 85 chez Wackness delicious beans
and rice and some other stuff water you
got a little stir
okay that just sounded like friendlies
pleasure this is our DN rice that's good
for now then do the other so our gourmet
beans and rice it's delicious
rights to spicy
you